feat: deploy its contracts on stagenet (#597)
axelarnetwork/axelar-contract-deployments: releases/sui/2025-03-ITS-v1.1.3.md

npm ci
```

> Create an `.env` config. Use `all` for `CHAINS` to run the cmd for every EVM chain, or set a specific chain. on `devnet-amplifier` chain name wil be set to `sui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an `.env` config. Use `all` for `CHAINS` to run the cmd for every EVM chain, or set a specific chain. On `devnet-amplifier` chain name will be set to `sui-2`.
```

*Note: Gateway contracts need to be redeployed on devnet-amplifier environment.
- Sync move directories
```bash

> node sui/deploy-contract.js sync 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node sui/deploy-contract.js sync
```
